# Assignment-2
https://github.com/sarahhahmad/Assignment-2/issues/1

The areas of Manhattan that had the largest number of 311 noise complaints was Northern Manhattan, specifically Washington Heights and Inwood in addition to Chelsea and Lincoln Square/Upper West Side. I think the reason for these trends is that these neighborhoods are actually residential. Because these neighborhoods are residential, the people that live here might be more sensitive to noise and have different expectations regarding noise levels. Since they are not areas of such dense foot and car traffic (with the exception of Chelsea) as the other neighborhoods in Manhattan, it is possible that they have more reason to call 311 and complain about noises such as parties.

In terms of the descriptors, I noticed that loud music and partying made up the majority of the descriptors even when adding the “Other” descriptor to the map. The loud music and partying did not really vary around the borough, meaning that there was no significant variation in loud music and partying complaints in one specific area. This was surprising to me because I had thought that construction would make up most of the noise complaints, but it does make sense as construction noise cannot be as controlled given the many projects always going on in the city, but music and loud partying is not a necessity and can be turned off.

The additional data I used was the zoning districts in addition to citywide equity rankings, which were developed by the unit I work for in the Department of Transportation. These equity rankings proportionally combine income and race data by NTA, and rank the equity of the neighborhoods to see which neighborhoods need to be prioritized when it comes to all agency/government projects. I used this data because I wanted to see if the 311 calls correlated with higher-income neighborhoods, as at the DOT (a request-driven agency) most complaints come from more higher-income and white neighborhoods, which is why this equity system was created. I found that there was not much correlation between these variables in my dataset, because Washington Heights is actually a priority equity area and has the highest amount of 311 noise complaints, so this does not mean that lower-income neighborhoods are less likely to contact 311. I didn’t include a map of this data set since we could only submit 3, so I will present it in my presentation.

The other additional data that I did include in the map were zoning districts in Manhattan. This data is divided into commercial, manufacturing, residential, and parks, and I think this showed some possibility of correlation between 311 noise complaints and the zone that an NTA is located in. Like I said before, I noticed that most of the high areas of noise complaints were in residential areas, meaning that their living environment and expectations of it (quiet and family friendly) might be different from more commercial and loud places like Midtown, and as a result lead those neighbors to file more complaints related to noise. 
